TELCODOCS-2005: Add topics to Telco Day 2 Troubleshooting and Maintenance (Security, Certs, MCO, BMN) (#85961)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/telco-troubleshooting-mco-purpose.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * edge_computing/day_2_core_cnf_clusters/troubleshooting/telco-troubleshooting-mco.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="telco-troubleshooting-mco-purpose_{context}"]
= Purpose of the Machine Config Operator

The Machine Config Operator (MCO) manages and applies configuration and updates of {op-system-first} and container runtime, including everything between the kernel and kubelet.
Managing {op-system} is important since most telecommunications companies run on bare-metal hardware and use some sort of hardware accelerator or kernel modification.

> Applying machine configuration to {op-system} manually can cause problems because the Machine Config Operator monitors each node and what is applied to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Applying machine configuration to {op-system} manually can cause problems because the Machine Config Operator monitors each node and what is applied to it.
```
"each node" is singular

> You must consider these minor components and how the Machine Config Operator can help you manage your clusters effectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must consider these minor components and how the MCO can help you manage your clusters effectively.
```
(you've already spelled out MCO)

[IMPORTANT]
====

> You must use the the Machine Config Operator to perform all changes on worker or control plane nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use the the MCO to perform all changes on worker or control plane nodes.
```
